chore: Add release-upgrade-testing tracking issue template (#136)
stackabletech/demos: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/release-upgrade-testing.md

---
name: Release Demo and Upgrade Testing
about: |
  This template can be used to track the upgrade testing of demos from the outgoing stable to
  the new release, and new release from scratch before officially marking the new release as stable.
title: "chore(tracking): Test demos on nightly versions for YY.M.X"
labels: ['epic']
assignees: ''
---

> <!--
>     Make sure to update the link in '.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/release.md' when
>     you change the filename.
> -->

Reviewer: note: This needs to be fixed in this file and in the `pre-release-upgrade-testing.md` template.

```suggestion
<!--
    Make sure to update the link in 'stackabletech/issues/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/release.md' when
    you change the filename.
-->
```

> <!--
>     DO NOT REMOVE THIS COMMENT. It is intended for people who might copy/paste from the previous release issue.
>     This was created by an issue template: https://github.com/stackabletech/issues/issues/new/choose.
> -->

Reviewer: note: This needs updating (and in `pre-release-upgrade-testing.md`).

```suggestion
<!--
    DO NOT REMOVE THIS COMMENT. It is intended for people who might copy/paste from the previous release issue.
    This was created by an issue template: https://github.com/stackabletech/demos/issues/new/choose.
-->
```

On the other hand, we might just remove it entirely.
